[Docs] Mutes Cog Guide (#4875)
Cog-Creators/Red-DiscordBot: docs/cog_guides/mutes.rst

Examples:

* ``[p]mutechannel @member1 @member2 spam 5 hours``
* ``[p]mutechannel @member1 3 days``

**Arguments**

* ``<users...>``: A space separated list of usernames, ID's, or mentions.
* ``[time_and_reason]``: The time and reason. If no time is provided, the mute will use the default set time or indefinite if this hasn't been configured.

.. _mutes-command-muteset:

^^^^^^^
muteset
^^^^^^^

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]muteset 

**Description**

Mute settings.

.. _mutes-command-muteset-defaulttime:

"""""""""""""""""""
muteset defaulttime
"""""""""""""""""""

.. note:: |mod-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]muteset defaulttime [time]

.. tip:: Alias: ``muteset time``

**Description**

Set the default mute time for the mute command.

If no time interval is provided this will be cleared.

**Arguments**

* ``[time]``: The length of time for a default mute.

.. _mutes-command-muteset-forcerole:

"""""""""""""""""
muteset forcerole
"""""""""""""""""

.. note:: |owner-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]muteset forcerole <true_or_false>

**Description**

Whether or not to force role only mutes on the bot.

**Arguments**

> * ``<true_or_false>``: Whether or not to enable/disable this setting, most provide ``true`` or ``false``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``<true_or_false>``: Whether to enable or disable this setting, must provide ``true`` or ``false``.
```

to more easily setup muting a user.

If you already have a muted role created on the server use
``[p]muteset role ROLE_NAME_HERE``

**Arguments**

* ``<name>``: The name of the muted role to create.

.. _mutes-command-muteset-notification:

""""""""""""""""""""
muteset notification
""""""""""""""""""""

.. note:: |admin-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]muteset notification [channel]

**Description**

Set the notification channel for automatic unmute issues.

If no channel is provided this will be cleared and notifications
about issues when unmuting users will not be sent anywhere.

**Arguments**

* ``[channel]``: The channel to receive unmute issue updates. |channel-input|

.. _mutes-command-muteset-role:

""""""""""""
muteset role
""""""""""""

.. note:: |admin-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]muteset role [role]

**Description**

Sets the role to be applied when muting a user.

If no role is setup the bot will attempt to mute a user by setting
channel overwrites in all channels to prevent the user from sending messages.

.. Note:: If no role is setup a user may be able to leave the server

> and rejoin no longer being muted.

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34169552/117520144-c91b2a80-af74-11eb-8f60-e2b8f203397e.png)
The syntax on this is broken

**Arguments**

* ``[role]``: The role for muted users to receive. |role-input|

.. _mutes-command-muteset-senddm:

""""""""""""""
muteset senddm
""""""""""""""

.. note:: |mod-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]muteset senddm <true_or_false>

**Description**

Set whether mute notifications should be sent to users in DMs.

**Arguments**

> * ``<true_or_false>``: Whether or not to enable/disable this setting, most provide ``true`` or ``false``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``<true_or_false>``: Whether to enable or disable this setting, must provide ``true`` or ``false``.
```

.. _mutes-command-muteset-settings:

""""""""""""""""
muteset settings
""""""""""""""""

.. note:: |mod-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]muteset settings 

.. tip:: Alias: ``muteset showsettings``

**Description**

Shows the current mute settings for this guild.

.. _mutes-command-muteset-showmoderator:

"""""""""""""""""""""
muteset showmoderator
"""""""""""""""""""""

.. note:: |mod-lock|

**Syntax**

.. code-block:: none

    [p]muteset showmoderator <true_or_false>

**Description**

Decide whether the name of the moderator muting a user should be included in the DM to that user.

**Arguments**

> * ``<true_or_false>``: Whether or not to enable/disable this setting, most provide ``true`` or ``false``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``<true_or_false>``: Whether to enable or disable this setting, must provide ``true`` or ``false``.
```
